# Future plans

## Feedback

* Prof Alexander Woon
    * Yuho presupposes a consistent structure across the whole penal code, which might be a misplaced assumption
    * Penal Code 1871 but many amendments have since been made, creating inconsistencies within the format of how the whole Penal Code is structured
    * Cheating provision in particular is very complicated
    * How can you more robustly represent the Penal Code?

* Eugene
    * L4 focuses on so many areas that their language design has to account for too many things 
    * Advantage is that Yuho can afford to be **more granular** in it's representation of even one statute, so focus on that first
    * How deep can Yuho go in representing statutes that can differentiate Yuho from other DSLs? 

* Lucas
    * Don't be discouraged

## Follow Up Actions

### Immediate 

* Rethink Yuho's syntax to be more robust
* Start from the `./examples/sampleCheating.yh` and rework how Yuho is representing the statute of cheatingA
    * Rename the syntax from `struct` to sthing like `container`? the term `struct` itself might be too intimidating for lawyers and law students
    * Incorporate conditional logic (like OR) into definition attribute of the struct, punishment etc. 
        * Definition shouldn't just be a damn string! Otherwise the logic still needs to be mentally evaluated by the lawyer / law student.
        * What other fields can I break up and specify logic within?
        * What other elements of a statute can I break up and specify logic within?
        * How else can I break down the logic of a statute to be **even more** granular?
            * Mental element and Physical element
            * Mens reus and Actus reus
    * Make tokenisation stronger.
* Rescope entire project based on accurately representing a single provision for Cheating from S415 A

### Later

1. Checks under `./test`
    * right now only checking for syntax and enforcing basic conditional constructs
    * add files to dynamically generate tests for different statutes
    * integrate LLMs that are fed sanitised struct to see whether Yuho's internal logic and struct validity can be 'tested'
        * consider whether to use encoder/decoder or transformer model, see other avail options

2. Appealing UI/UX
    * intuitive controls so lawyers and law students *(no programming proficiency required)*
    * "right now you're showing how the sausage is made *(the nerdy programmer shit)*"
    * pitching Yuho to lawyers requires an easy to **access** and **use** frontend interface
    * ideas
        * scratch-like with drag and drop controls so different blocks can be rearranged and the struct updates live
        * live editor for Yuho code that updates the mermaid diagram

3. Comprehensive 
    * find edgecases Prof Alexandar Woon was talking about within the Penal Code *(generated by the amendments or not)*
